# Title 

This project contains the data and scripts from the publication **reference**.

##Abstract
The forced swim test (FST) is one of the most used behavioural tests to predict the potential antidepressant efficacy of compounds using laboratory rodents. An effective antidepressant decreases the time rodents spend immobile in the FST compared to treatment with a vehicle. FST may be conducted using a variety of experimental conditions, including different protocols, study quality and designs. The present hypothesis is that experimental conditions, i.e., covariates, affect the effect sizes (ESs) of antidepressants in studies using FST. Thus, a systematic review and meta-analysis (PROSPERO: CRD42020200604) was planned to answer the following questions: 1- What is the ES of antidepressants on the immobility time of rodents in FST? 2-How can covariates affect this effect? 3- Does publication bias influence the ES? The search strategy retrieved 14,719 references from four bibliographic databases (Medline via PubMed, Web of Science, Scopus, and Embase via CAPES Periodicals), 5,137 after deletion of duplicates, and 2,588 included hits by the end of the selection process by two independent reviewers. A sample set to obtain a minimum analytical power of 80% was randomly obtained for data extraction (n = 200). One reviewer extracted information (bibliographic reference, population, intervention, outcome, internal validity with the SYRCLE Risk of Bias Tool, external validity and conducts with adapted CAMARADES, means, standard deviations, and sample sizes), and a second reviewer checked. The ES corresponded to the standardised mean difference, calculated for the 561 relevant comparisons reported in the publications. The combined ES (CES) estimation in the meta-analyses used the random-effects model. Heterogeneity and consistency were estimated with τ ² and I². The effect of small studies was assessed using a funnel plot, Egger's regression, and trim-and-fill. Publication bias was assessed with the Weight-Function model. Subgroup meta-analyses and meta-regression were used to examine the influence of covariates and quality. The estimated overall CES was statistically significant, favouring treatment with antidepressants (Hedges g = 1.66; 95% CI [1.53; 1.79]; k = 561) with high inconsistency (I² = 81.5%). The CESs were positive and significant for most subgroups analysed. The effect of small studies and publication bias appears to inflate the CES, especially in the subgroup of mice. In mice, study quality and ES were negatively related, while in rats, the relationship was positive. Summarising, antidepressants decreased the duration of immobility in laboratory rats and mice in most subgroups, independently of publication bias or the quality of studies. However, the risk of bias was unclear for most of the studies, limiting a judgment of internal and external validity in this literature.


##How to use it
Run the scripts in order:
- **1_wrangling**: The script includes code aimed at cleaning and standardizing data spreadsheets. Its functions involve consolidating multiple tabs into a single dataframe, converting each variable into its appropriate data type, standardizing categorical levels for consistency, and finally saving the processed data to the same folder for future use. 
*input*: DataExtraction_Raw
*output*: Dataclean_200FST
- **2_agreement**: The script contains code to calculate Cohen's kappa and agreement between reviewers during the selection stage (in two ways: inclusion decision and exclusion reason), as well as during data extraction, for both qualitative and quantitative data.
- **3_analysis**: The script includes the code for all analyses, using the Dataclean_200FST file as *input*. This script runs power calculation, meta-analysis, sensitivity analysis, publication bias analysis, stratified and metaregression analysis, and finally plots the figures.

... 